food nutritious and also delicious apple
pie egg salad liver and onion are the
luxury of having someone prepare for us
a most valued tool for survival which we
call a meal they say you are what you
eat hmm I suppose in my case that's true
for I am indeed a human being
so is that could do what do you think of
the joint oh it's amazing tell I can't
thank you enough for having me at your
private chef and I don't mention it you
know I heard about all those awards you
want on TV and stuff and also that
fruity little circus that you cared when
it came to town don't you think of the
guy boo what child support smile support
look I don't owe you nothing besides our
kid looks just like your Pilates
instructor terrace glue what the crap
are you looking at nothing yeah why
don't you mind your own P's and Q's mr.
and make me a PB&J with the crusts cut
off with the ramekin on the side for
dipping you don't have to be so mean get
it you know I just don't get it you know
I messed with my friend for one second
he thinks I'm being mean maybe maybe
this whole thing wasn't a great idea you
coming into my house of cooking for me
look no it's okay I'll get right on it
fantastic zaki I knew you'd come around
by the way I'm gonna have to ask you to
have dinner ready in about an hour uh
okay sure how many people 60 60 people
yea yea big party tonight I forgot my
kids birthday so I gotta you know make
it up to him you know I always yeah sure
I guess excellent and and while you're
up to that uh you want to take off after
you're done I'm trying to bang one of
the other kids moms and I wouldn't want
you to hurt my chances ok no problem
beautiful hey who's my little guy me
wear this hat at all time
hey Steph Maroney come here I want you
to meet somebody remember that Mommy I
told you I was trying to uh come oh well
guess what i told i had a friend for
assistant this is her sister Duchess
you'll be sleeping with her tonight I'll
let you blow on some of my stretch marks
what yep and I'll be watching with the
camera just to make sure that you don't
wimp out okay cal this is where I draw
the line you like your job don't you
Zach you like it right yes sir okay good
then go freshen up and I'll be right
along hey Zach who is my little guy I
need some more Timberwolves in my care
exactly when it come in here please you
called for me perfect come on in have a
seat I can't it still hurts and kind of
itchy from last night I want to get all
your smiles out what I wanted two things
to you that will trouble your ancestors
oh yeah fair enough okay I'm gonna level
with you you working for me as my chef I
don't think it's gonna work out but i
slaved for days I even slept with your
ugly friend Duchess yeah I know and she
really really likes you but last night
when I was watching you with that beast
I remembered that time in second grade
when you made me those eclairs yes so
I'll see they weren't so good Sam I was
eight years old to drais ack not enough
cream I was eight yeah well to each his
own
hit the road Jack and don't you scram
I'm gonna award-winning chef but you
know I got no other place to go I mean
isn't there something I could do to make
up for the eclairs gee I don't know Zach
well Zach there is one thing finally
alive wow I'm glad I spend my severance
up we're such good friends the kid can
dance
I want to teach your meaning of the word
burn